validate namespace ids (#2565)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/violet-ducks-return.md

---
"wrangler": patch
---

> Clarify the problem when trying to delete a KV namespace that has an invalid name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display a clearer error message when when trying to delete a KV namespace with an invalid namespace-id.
```

> Previously, there would be a bizarre authentication error when attempting to delete a KV namespace with a name like `my-namespaceඞ`. Now, wrangler will validate that an ID is valid before attempting to delete it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, there would be a bizarre authentication error when attempting to delete a KV namespace with an invalid namespace-id like `my-namespaceඞ`. Now, wrangler will validate that an ID is valid before attempting to delete it.
```
